♪Crinkling your eyes, you smile sweetly.♪
♪The way you run to me is lovely.♪
♪Your mouth corners are upturned.
Your smile is remarkable.♪
♪How come you happen to see me embarrassed?♪
♪Summer isn't more romantic
than the moment I met you.♪
♪Have I shown you romance or warmth?♪
♪My love for you stands the test of time.♪
♪I believe in eternity because of you.♪
♪I would risk my life to protect you,
my source of courage.♪
♪You give me a sense of security
by being at my side.♪
♪I love everything you have given me.♪
♪Together, we make a sweet love story.♪
=The Love Equations=
Sub by WeTV & Synced by skysoultan
(Previously on Episode 25)
You still like her, right?
You have broken up with Zhou Xiao.
There's a mail Yichun sent you a year ago.
Why haven't you opened it?
Isn't this your genetic testing report?
Zhou Xiao.
It's been a long time.
(Episode 26: Sweet Voice Print)
Take care.
Ling,
is your foot fine?
Is it seriously injured?
I went to the library to look for you.
Lu said you got injured.
Are you injured anywhere else?
Why are you here?
Have you come to see whether I am dead?.
How could you joke at such a time?
I am off now.
I will leave Tao Ling to you.
Goodbye!
Luo Wei, come back!
We have broken up, right?
Why are you here?
Your foot got injured.
I am worried about you.
Worried?
You are so busy.
How come you have got the time
to care about me?
Tao Ling,
could you stop talking in such a manner?
I really like you a lot.
Like me?
Is it of any use?
I don't want your sweet words.
I want you to accompany me.
Since we quarreled last time,
where have you been?
Have you come to see me once?
Have you ever worried about me?
So this is how you like me.
Right.
Everything you said is right.
However,
at the present stage,
I really don't have too much time
to accompany you.
Actually, over these days,
I have been thinking a lot.
What have you thought about?
Over these years we spent together,
in your view,
I have been forcing you
to do things you don't like.
I have been tolerating your laziness.
You have been tired of coordinating with me.
I have also been tired of accommodating you.
We are like
two worlds that can never cross paths.
We can't be integrated at all.
What do you want to say exactly?
Perhaps we're really not
suitable for each other.
Let's break up.
Are you serious about this?
I am sorry!
Let me escort you back to the dorm.
You need not.
I can manage it myself.
Your boyfriend's wound has been dressed.
Hurry to help him get dressed.
Doc, he is not my...
Zhao Fanzhou,
I will go in.
The doctor asked me to help you get dressed.
It's all right. I can do it myself.
Let me help you.
There is blood on the T-shirt.
I'd better put it on by myself.
Give it to me.
I will close my eyes.
Where is it?
This, this is the cuff.
Am I doing it right?
You are holding it reversely.
OK.
Your
injured hand.
Sorry! Sorry!
Where is it?
Hold on. Hold on.
The other side.
Sorry.
Where is your T-shirt on earth?
You can open your eyes now.
You!
You obviously could have pulled your T-shirt
by yourself just now.
Then I will pull it back.
No need.
I am not trying to follow you.
This is the only way out.
Well, I want to say that
thank you for what happened
in the library today.
Don't mention it.
Then I am leaving.
I
need to have my dressing changed
three days later.
Oh.
Hello, mom!
Fanzhou.
Did you get hurt in the earthquake?
No, I didn't.
How about you?
I am relieved to hear that.
Both your dad and I are fine.
How about Zhou Xiao?
Is she fine, too?
She is fine, too.
Have you made up with each other?
No, we haven't.
Why haven't you made up with each other?
I will figure out a way for you.
Mom, have a good rest.
I can handle my own business.
Is Fanzhou all right?
Yes, he is fine.
You often worked overtime in the past.
Why?
Don't you need to work overtime now?
I just want to stay with you today.
From now on,
I will be able to spend
more and more time with you.
Do you still remember that
when I was in college,
I often acted in plays?
My acting was quite good.
Yes, but what is it about?
I have come up with an idea.
Hello, mom!
Hello! Hello!
You inconsiderate girl!
Why didn't you pick up the phone?
Your dad has watched the news.
The news said an earthquake
took place in your place.
How are you?
Due to the earthquake,
I have poor cell phone reception.
I am fine. Don't worry.
You dad said there would be the aftershock.
Anyway, the National Day is drawing near.
Hurry to come back home to avoid it.
Why need I avoid it?
You are making a fuss about it.
I will go back to my dorm.
I got to go. Bye!
Take care!
How could she act like that?
OK. Forget it. It is good that she is fine.
How could she?
In the wake of the earthquake,
why still the inspection of the dorm?
There will be no inspection.
The school fears that
there may be an aftershock.
So we are required to sleep
on the playground.
This is making a mountain out of a molehill.
Hurry to pack up.
Xie Yixing has secured the spot for us.
All right.
Tao Ling.
Won't you pack up?
No, I won't.
I am crossed in love.
I don't want to stay alive any longer.
The students who have come
to sleep on the playground,
may I have your attention, please?
With the halfway line of the football field
as the demarcation,
and with an in-between distance
of about one meter,
male students shall stay on the left
and female students on the right.
Thank you for your cooperation!
Whoa! So many people!
Where is Xie Yixing?
Lu, I am here.
Let's go.
Tao Ling, slow down!
Take care of your foot.
It is not easy
to get the space for four people.
Xie Yixing has spent a lot of time
securing the spot.
Moreover,
Zhao Fanzhou has saved you today.
You should show him some respect.
Haven't you
been complaining the most about him?
I am impartial and fair.
Look at him! He is alone.
How pathetic he is!
How come he is pathetic?
Move! Move!
Come on!
Come on! Let me give you a hand.
Come on. Hold the pillow.
Come on!
Come on! Hold this.
Why is this thing so ugly?
How could you say that?
I have waited for such a long time.
I have been sitting among the girls
to reserve this spot for you.
Ah, enough!
Come on!
I will help you.
What the heck?
Hug it while you sleep.
I won't.
You must.
Xiao,
is Tao Ling all right?
Just let her sleep.
She will be better after the sleep.
Xiao,
I will go to bed first.
Hmm, OK.
Well,
it is late now.
You should go to bed.
After you.
No, you must go to bed before me.
Have a sleep first!
OK, let's have a sleep.
Good night!
(Cai Yasi, where are you?
Why can't I see you on the playground?)
♪There is something
you don't care if you miss.♪
♪There is someone
you still wanna win back if you lose.♪
Cai Yasi, where are you?
Why can't I see you on the playground?
Have you gone to the Internet bar
to spend the night?
♪I'm serious.♪
You are really wise
when it comes to such things.
♪Do you believe me?♪
Are you crazy?
What should you do if there is an aftershock?
I won't fall asleep.
If an aftershock strikes, I will run out.
Hurry to go to sleep.
Let's wait and see.
I will tell your mom about this.
The fork of our destiny...
If you tell my mom,
I will tell your dad
that Zhao Fanzhou is back.
Hide my concern
and tell you "I'm here. Don't worry."
Tell me.
How should I handle
the relationship between Zhao Fanzhou and me?
♪I'll always be there for you.♪
♪I'm sure that's what I want to do.♪
♪I don't wanna just be
a passerby in your life.♪
Has he gone back to games?
Stay by your side as a friend.
Keep my confession in the heart.
I know what's on your mind.
If you have made your decision,
promise me, be happy.
(You can't step into the same river twice.)
♪I wish you happiness forever.♪
♪I'll always be there for you.♪
♪I'm sure that's what I want to do.♪
♪I don't wanna just be
a passerby in your life.♪
Stay by your side as a friend.
Keep my confession in the heart.
I know what's on your mind.
If you have made your decision,
promise me, be happy.
I am fed up.
I am not a love coach.
Don't ask me.
You've already got the answer.
Be careful!
Are you okay?
Yes.
Let's go.
Come on.
Hello! Are you in the dorm?
Get Tao Ling out of her bed.
I have bought her breakfast.
I have done such a moving thing.
On a weekend day, I got up early and queued
to buy breakfast for my lovelorn roommate.
She won't get up,
saying she has the right to do
whatever she likes as a lovelorn person.
Then tell her I will eat the chive dumplings
that she likes the best.
She is getting up.
As I expected.
Ask...
(Zhao Fanzhou's Mom)
Hello, Mrs. Zhao!
Zhou Xiao.
This is Zhao Fanzhou's mom calling you.
Do you still remember me?
Of course I do.
How have your body recovered recently?
It has almost fully recovered.
I have been discharged from the hospital.
Then I have been busy tidying up our house.
Thus, I didn't call you till now.
Am I disturbing you?
No, you are not.
I am supposed to pay you a visit.
Then why haven't you come?
Huh?
Zhou Xiao,
I know
what happened between you and Fanzhou.
But I really like you.
I regard you as a friend.
Could our relation remain unchanged
despite such a happening?
Yes.
That's great!
It happens to be the weekend.
I have made the soup.
Come and have lunch with me.
I will send you the address
of our home, all right?
But I...
Well,
don't worry.
Just the two of us.
OK. I got it, Mrs. Zhao.
Hello, Mrs. Zhao!
Glad to see you, Zhou Xiao.
Come on in!
Three, four.
You are good at this.
Mrs. Zhao.
Yes?
When shall we have the meal?
No need to rush.
Help me clear the game first.
But the food has been served.
It will get cold if not eaten.
Let me finish this game.
OK.
Someone is arriving.
Huh? Who is it?
I will go check who is coming.
OK.
Mom, I am back.
Fanzhou,
why do you suddenly come back?
You asked me...
Why didn't you call me before coming back?
I have invited Zhou Xiao over
to have a meal today.
Zhou Xiao,
I am sorry!
I really didn't know he would come back.
If you feel embarrassed,
I will ask him to leave.
Go! Go! Go!
Leave here.
It's all right, Mrs. Zhao.
Really?
Yes.
It doesn't matter.
Then we can have the meal together.
Come on!
Come on! Let's eat together.
Sit here.
Come on.
Here.
Fanzhou.
Take a seat.
Hmm.
Come on. Sit here.
I am back.
Dad.
Oh!
You are all here.
Why do you
come back so unexpectedly?
Our company gave us some mooncakes
for the Mid-Autumn Festival.
So I brought them home.
Hello, Mr. Zhao!
She is Zhou Xiao. You have met her before.
Yes, I know her.
It has been a long time
since we met last time.
Fanzhou,
why is your face so red?
Aah!
Fanzhou is in front of the girl he loves.
Surely, he blushes.
Why can't you see?
Well,
he never blushes.
He is like me in this aspect.
Could it be possible that you've got a fever?
It really feels hot.
Touch it. Come over. Come over.
When I called you,
you told me you were fine, right?
How come you have got injured?
Moreover, your wound is inflamed.
What happened on earth?
It's nothing.
Something fell down suddenly
and I was hit out of carelessness.
Why didn't you dodge?
You two are hiding something from me, right?
Zhou Xiao,
tell me what it is.
Don't mind him.
Mrs. Zhao,
he
saved someone.
It is a good deed to save others.
Why were you hesitating to tell it?
He has been like this since childhood.
Whenever he did a good deed,
he didn't tell others.
Tell me.
Whom has he saved?
Mrs. Zhao.
It was me.
You?
He saved me.
Zhou Xiao.
In my son's mind,
you're more important than himself.
Mrs. Zhao, I'd better leave now for today.
I will come to visit you some other day.
Why should you?
Then I will see you off.
Stay a little longer.
Zhou Xiao.
I found it. I found it.
I found it.
Here is the anti-inflammatory drug.
It is expired.
Is it?
Is it expired?
Well, I didn't...
It is expired.
Oh.
I didn't see clearly.
What should we do?
Go buy some new drug.
Let's go.
Well, Mrs. Zhao,
how about I go to buy the drug?
You must drive a car
even if going to the nearest drugstore.
We'd better go buy the drug.
Right. Exactly.
Help me take care of Fanzhou.
Don't let him fall in a faint.
All right?
Then we are leaving.
Let's go.
Oops!
I feel very dizzy.
Take a seat.
Hmm.
(Lock Status)
What are you doing?
I locked the door from outside.
Thus, they won't be able to get out.
Are you all right?
I am fine, but feel a bit dizzy.
Do you want to drink some water?
I will fetch some water for you.
OK.
Mengjun,
today
you have put on an excellent performance.
Good!
I have figured out what to say
to make them get back together.
I didn't expect you came uninvited.
I have to improvise in my action.
Zhao Jian,
when you are free,
I hope you can prepare the divorce agreement.
Mengjun...
Well,
we have been torturing each other
for so long.
I have made up my mind.
Mengjun, listen to me.
Enough.
Stop talking.
Anyway, Mrs. Zhao won't pick up the phone,
and you are running a fever.
I'd better go buy the drug for you.
I will go with you.
You are running a fever. You don't need to.
Then I will escort you out.
Wait a sec.
I will finish putting on my shoes soon.
I've said that you need not follow me.
Wait for me for a moment.
Zhao Fanzhou,
why can't the door be opened?
How come?
It functioned properly when I came here.
I don't know.
I know nothing about it.
Can you come up with any other ways?
Other ways?
No, I can't.
What should we do?
We can't go out.
Well.
Shall we have the meal first?
Anyway,
you are hungry.
So am I.
Fine.
Then I will go heat the dishes on the table.
Wait for me.
Wait for me for a moment.
Let me do it. You are running a fever.
It doesn't matter. I'll do it.
You ran away so quickly.
Why are you looking at me?
Will you eat or not?
If you don't eat, I will leave.
I will eat. I will eat.
I'm eating.
I,
I am really eating.
I just wanted to watch TV in the living room.
Enjoy the dishes.
Zhao Fanzhou.
Yes?
This drug isn't expired.
In your opinion,
has Mrs. Zhao misread the words
or has she done this on purpose?
I really
have no idea.
Have you finished taking the temperature?
Yeah,
I have.
38.3 degrees Celsius.
Hurry to sleep for a while.
I will come to check
whether your fever is brought down later.
It's all right. I am not sleepy.
Go to sleep!
OK.
Zhou Xiao.
What?
You...
You won't leave, will you?
I won't.
Really?
I must go out first if I want to leave.
Zhou Xiao.
What is it this time?
Could you
help me
fetch my earphones
from my backpack downstairs.
I can't fall asleep
without listening to a song.
OK, young master.
So troublesome!
Should I
forgive you or not?
Sweet voice print?
Is it for voice print identification?
Is it used to crack a case?
You...
You can't misunderstand me.
I was just curious about
what you are listening to.
I...
I am listening to nothing special.
Nothing special?
Then why can't you
fall asleep without listening to it.
I heard it.
It is the snore.
Whose snore is it?
My snore?
When did you record it?
Delete it!
No, I can't.
If it is deleted,
I won't be able to fall asleep later.
Where are you going?
I will break the window to escape.
Go back to your bed.
Zhou Xiao.
Take your temperature again.
OK.
Give it to me.
Hmm.
Whoa!
42 degrees Celsius.
The thermometer will explode due to the heat.
Zhao Fanzhou.
Are you fooling me?
Do you think I am a fool?
I am sorry!
Let go of me!
No, I won't.
Let go of me.
I won't.
Let go of me!
What do you want on earth?
Sorry.
I was wrong.
Except saying sorry, what else can you say?
Could you please forgive me?
No, I can't.
I will change for sure.
I don't care.
Please give me another chance.
Just let me go.
I won't let you leave me again.
Please give one more chance.
No need.
If you are sleepy,
you can sleep in the guest room.
Mrs. Zhao said she would come back
in a while, right?
I will wait for her return
and go back to school for sleep.
She said this an hour ago, but...
Zhou Xiao.
I was locked in the exhibition hall.
Do you have the key with you?
Come to open the door for me.
Lu,
I am coming. Don't be scared.
What is the sound in your place?
Xie Yixing is banging on the door.
Come quickly.
If you don't, Xie Yixing will have to
compensate for a broken door.
Well, wait for a moment.
I, I will go there in a while.
I will hang up. I got to go.
Goodbye!
Listen to me.
Now, the most important thing for you
is to keep calm.
Do you understand?
Listen to me.
Stop bumping against the door.
Zhou Xiao will be here soon.
Stay quiet for a while.
Don't be scared.
I will be here with you.
What should I do?
Lu is locked in the exhibition hall.
I have the spare key with me.
I must go back to unlock the door for her.
What?
What are you doing?
Looking for a way out.
We must figure out a way.
Let's go.
Where?
Go unlock the door.
The door is locked. Don't you know?
I can unlock the door with my mobile phone.
I swear.
Except this,
I really know nothing
about other things.
Lazy Ling,
why have you got up so early?
Wei,
I will study together with you.
From today onward,
you will be my role model.
I will learn from you
and become a positive
and hard-working person.
I will study for a master's degree
and a doctoral degree.
I will prove myself to Fang Wei.
But...
But what?
I am no longer the lazy person I used to be.
Now I fear no hardship and difficulty.
I didn't mean that.
I meant I have to go outside of the school
to attend the dance lectures today.
Hmm.
You can study by yourself now.
I will come to join you later.
No need.
I will go have a sleep.
I will have a sleep first.
What?
Zhou Xiao.
Zhou Xiao, get up.
You asked me to wake you up, right?
You said you would accompany Zhao Fanzhou
to attend class.
Right.
I'd better give it up.
Ah?
I don't want to accompany Zhao Fanzhou
to attend class now.
You
have made up with each other, right?
What is wrong, Zhou Xiao?
Wei,
do you know this feeling?
After two people in love
break up and then make up with each other,
there will be
an ineffable estrangement
and embarrassment between them.
They will
feel worried and can't dispel this feeling.
They will fear that the other person
may want to split up again suddenly.
Therefore, they dare not give it all again.
All in all, I don't feel comfortable
in this relationship now.
I,
I dare not face him again.
What should I do?
Do you understand?
How should I describe it?
It's a feeling that I worry about
personal gains and losses.
Why can't you understand?
Perhaps,
it is because I have never been in love.
Yes. Exactly.
Well, my rough idea is that
I dare not get too close
to the person I hold dearest.
Do you know?
It is that kind of...
Shut up!
What nonsense!
You have made up with each other for real.
Don't show off your love here.
Hey, guys!
Why are you making so much noise?
Can you allow me to sleep a little longer?
I'm having a date with Xie Yixing later.
There is nothing special about a date.
Wei,
I don't support you to be in love.
A love relationship is meaningless.
Wei,
I support you to be in love.
A romantic relationship makes people happy.
I am against it.
I am for it.
Shut up!
You shut up!
One, two, three! Shut up together.
One, two, three.
Will you get up or not?
No, I won't. Good night!
Seeing what my roommates look like
when they are in love,
who still dares to fall in love?
(Next Episode)
Zhu Lu, I want to tell you that
I am very happy to be in love with you.
It has been a long time.
Yes, it has been a long time.
Haven't they broken up with each other?
But they have got back together,
haven't they?
Dad.
♪Sunshine falls into the wind's arms.♪
♪A breath of sweet air drifts over.♪
♪Since the day I met you,♪
♪I have learned that a view is only fine
when you are part of it.♪
♪Taking in your feelings quietly.♪
♪Perhaps a step back should
be taken to get closer.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪You will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go in the future,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪
♪I would be happy to see you happy.♪
♪He tolerates my willfulness.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪I will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go tomorrow,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪